IFrame first back bug on ios (#716)
V4Fire/Client: CHANGELOG.md

_Note: Gaps between patch versions are faulty, broken or test releases._

## v3.??.?? (????-??-??)

#### :rocket: New Feature

> * To `core/browser` added `is.Safari` check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new checker `is.Safari` `core/browser`
```

#### :bug: Bug Fix

> * Fixed bug in `browser-history` engine of router with first `history.back` inside `iOS iFrame`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug with the History API router engine when backing to the first history item doesn’t emit a popstate event in Safari if the script is running within an iframe `core/router/engines/browser-history`
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/V4Fire/Client/tree/master/src/core/router сюда тоже лог нужен
